content/docs/GitHub/Get started with VS Code/index.md, before:

---
title: "Get started with VS Code"
weight: 2
# bookFlatSection: false
# bookToc: true
# bookHidden: false
# bookCollapseSection: false
# bookComments: false
# bookSearchExclude: false
---

# Get started with VS Code

Visual Studio Code is a free and fully integrated source-code editor supporting Git and live preview.

{{< img src="VS Code.PNG" alt="VS Code" >}}

## Install VS Code

1. [Download](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and install Git.
{{< hint info >}}
Default installation is fine. Don't worry if you don't unsterstand these options. VS Code will handle most Git interactions.
{{< /hint >}}
2. [Download](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) and install VS Code.

## Clone your first repository

1. From VS Code, select `View` ❯ `Command Palette…`.
2. Enter and select `Git: Clone (Recursive)` ❯ `Clone from GitHub`.
3. Sign in and authorize VS Code.
4. In VS Code, enter and select a repository. `Anthrocon/docs`, for example.
5. Select a folder where VS Code will store working files for this repository.
6. Open the cloned repository.

# Next steps

- [Learn the basics of Markdown]({{< relref "Learn the basics of Markdown" >}})
- [Add a spell checker to VS Code]({{< relref "Add a spell checker to VS Code" >}})

Commit message:

Added "Set your Git username and email"

content/docs/GitHub/Get started with VS Code/index.md, after:

---
title: "Get started with VS Code"
weight: 2
# bookFlatSection: false
# bookToc: true
# bookHidden: false
# bookCollapseSection: false
# bookComments: false
# bookSearchExclude: false
---

# Get started with VS Code

Visual Studio Code is a free and fully integrated source-code editor supporting Git and live preview.

{{< img src="VS Code.PNG" alt="VS Code" >}}

## Install VS Code

1. [Download](https://git-scm.com/downloads) and install Git.
{{< hint info >}}
Default installation is fine. Don't worry if you don't unsterstand these options. VS Code will handle most Git interactions.
{{< /hint >}}
2. [Download](https://code.visualstudio.com/Download) and install VS Code.

## Clone your first repository

1. From VS Code, select `View` ❯ `Command Palette…`.
2. Enter and select `Git: Clone (Recursive)` ❯ `Clone from GitHub`.
3. Sign in and authorize VS Code.
4. In VS Code, enter and select a repository. `Anthrocon/docs`, for example.
5. Select a folder where VS Code will store working files for this repository.
6. Open the cloned repository.

# Next steps

- [Set your Git username and email]({{< relref "Set your Git username and email" >}})
- [Add a spell checker to VS Code]({{< relref "Add a spell checker to VS Code" >}})
- [Learn the basics of Markdown]({{< relref "Learn the basics of Markdown" >}})
